In fact, you don't even know who I am, do you?
Why did you give me such a big gift today?
I don't care who you are.
But tonight I did see your strength
It's better for the two of us to combine
It's not a problem to be afraid of Daxia, okay?
This is a seven-star key card in Guozhou.
Why don't we just stay here tonight?
Miss, the two of them have been hooking up for a long time
It is by this opportunity of the Golden Dragon Award
Humiliate you in public
Embarrass you
So that the two of them can be together upright
Xue Zhilong, you are shameless
You've already hooked up with him, haven't you?
I didn't expect you to be such a person
I have never betrayed you
I see you have already climbed to the Yue family
Want to get rid of me quickly
To choose an occasion that is so important to me tonight
Let him come and humiliate me
You dog man and woman
I won't let you go
Keep your mouth clean for me
You are not clean
I want everyone to know
What kind of person are you?
And the more you smile
Don't think you are the head of Lan Xue Dingsheng
You can be presumptuous
I'll tell you what.
As long as I move my finger
You can bankrupt the four major families
It won't be too late for you to beg me then, miss